thanks for joining me why are you
filming hello friends and neighbors it's
day 3 of nanowrimo I am on 10,000 and 90
words and I thought I would read a
portion of my nanowrimo novel to you I
talked about doing this a couple of
months ago but I'm going to do the story
where there's this time travel agency
whose job it is to restore time as it's
supposed to be and repair all these
alternate timelines to keep cropping up
with people traveling through time and
so this is the portion of the story
where our protagonist whose name is
Elijah Leo Borowitz yes it's a name and
a half is being escorted around this
time agency and is meeting the members
of the Omega team the Omega team is also
known as the last resort team and this
is after some exposition has already
happens if there are a couple of things
that you need to know in order for
things in this excerpt to make sense
first of all the agency is called the
chrono repair agency or CRA for short
and second everybody has these chips
embedded in their skin which basically
makes clothing as seem to appear on your
body so that you can walk around without
actually wearing any clothing but look
like you're still wearing clothing and
with that little bit of 22nd exposition
here's the excerpt the next time I was
escorted through the building I was
introduced to the rest of the Omega team
there were seven of them all together
and the whole team kind of had that
crime drama feel to it Lisa Liam and
father Thaddeus I'd already met Liam was
the team leader with a chip on his
shoulder in the quiet intensity someone
who doesn't always play by the rules you
could tell he'd been through a lot and
it felt each and every one of the eight
thousand four hundred and six timelines
he'd repaired Lisa was the newest field
agent the one who's eager to please and
dives right in but it's still kind of a
stickler for standards my timeline have
been her first mission father Thaddeus
is the quiet older man the mentor who
usually stays behind he was the only
member of the team who didn't go into
the field apparently every team was
required to have a counselor though
Thaddeus was one of the few religious
men they had on hand I guess it makes
sense when you think about it when your
perception of what's real and what's not
is shaken like that the concept of an
all-powerful being becomes pretty
ludicrous then you've got Lance the
quiet guy who everyone gravitates toward
Helen the obligatory hard nosed bitch
who nobody likes penny the season kid
who's been through every
but it's still pretty childlike and
girard the ladies man who woman's scorn
and yet find irresistible I started to
think that maybe this was all a dream
with them I mean can you imagine this at
the zone crime drama law and order CRA I
think penny was probably my favorite
just because she actually seemed to take
to me when Lisa introduced me to her she
all but squealed with excitement like oh
my god you're the guy from the timeline
i love it when we get new people she
bounced when she talked to and her
jumpsuit left very little to the
imagination that was another weird thing
the whole camouflage chip under my skin
I mean I understand the necessity and it
is more efficient I guess but I mean I
was technically naked we were all
technically naked at least I assumed I
guess you wouldn't have to be like for
cold weather and stuff anyway when penny
started bouncing excitedly like that it
was really hard to focus on anything
other than the fact that she was
technically probably naked so there you
go i'm sure that made absolutely no
sense to you but that's part of what
I've written so far penny incidentally
was just a name that I needed to fill in
a space and she became this really
interesting character that I'm actually
spending a lot more time with now so
that's fun a couple more nanowrimo
related things first of all I've made a
couple of nanowrimo related videos in
the past one is a song that I wrote two
years ago called 1667 words and another
is advice on how to bump up your word
count both of those videos will be
linked in the description if you would
like to watch them but i'm thinking i
would like to make another nanowrimo
advice type video like the ways to bump
up your word count one so if you have
any questions on things that you would
like me to give you advice on thats
NaNoWriMo related please just leave
those in the comments and I'll pick one
or two and maybe do those later this
month second I have been challenged to a
word war by Alto your clef and I accept
your challenge Chloe I'm just not going
to be able to do it until after this
weekend because I'm going on a retreat
but sometime next week you and I will
have our word war and you're going down
and that's it for me until next time
this is matt guy and saying 30 9911
words to go
hey everyone a little king of the web
post outro plugging I will try to
maintain all of my soliciting for votes
after the outro so you can ignore it if
you want but last I checked ahead a
little over two hundred and fifty votes
and I broken into the top 50 in the
overall competition and into the top ten
in my particular category so that's
pretty exciting so keep those votes
coming remember that you can vote ten
times every day and you do not have to
vote ten times for me in fact there are
a lot of great candidates for you to
vote for I would encourage you for
example to cast their votes towards the
munch Kim who is actually going to use
whatever winning she gets to help her
get into the school that she wants and
added the alien and Leslie found her
Grail are both a couple of very awesome
vloggers who are running for king of the
web so qasim votes for them if you feel
so inclined and now back to my purple
lollipop start again I'm going to
stumble over typos and it's gonna be
great